Better docs (#112)
LycheeOrg/LycheeOrg.github.io: docs/frontend.md

### Build

In order to generate the front-end visual you will need to run the following:

```bash
npm run dev
```
This will create the files required to run Lychee.

> When running in production, you should be used instead:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When running in production, you should use instead:
```

or `be using`

```bash
npm run build
```
This will create a `public/build` folder with the associated files.

### Points of attention

To ease your development, some pain points are to be considered:

> - variables names (attributes) in blade templates must use camelCase.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- names of variables (attributes) in blade templates must use camelCase.
```
